Extend ACCOUNTS_JSON description (#19)
daniel-hauser/moneyman: README.md

| Name                 | description                                                                                                                         |
| -------------------- | ----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- |

> | `ACCOUNTS_JSON`      | A json array of accounts following [this](https://github.com/eshaham/israeli-bank-scrapers#specific-definitions-per-scraper) schema with additional `companyId` field with values from [companyType](https://github.com/eshaham/israeli-bank-scrapers/blob/347d9b58974a71c256313552389914afc1bf5d8e/src/definitions.ts) |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `ACCOUNTS_JSON`      | A json array of accounts following [this](https://github.com/eshaham/israeli-bank-scrapers#specific-definitions-per-scraper) schema with an additional `companyId` field with a [companyType](https://github.com/eshaham/israeli-bank-scrapers/blob/master/src/definitions.ts#L5:L23) as the value |
```
